Fixed #29994 -- Added warning about performance of FileBasedCache with a large number o files. (#16218)
django/django: docs/topics/cache.txt

is readable and writable by the user ``apache``, or that it can be created by
the user ``apache``.

.. warning:: 

    The filesystem cache is intended as an easy way to test caching, not as a 

>     serious caching strategy. It is not designed to handle a large number of 

Reviewer: IMO, this wording is too strong, see also [comment](https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/11260#comment:9).

Author: I'll rephrase :)

    files.    

    If you do need to use filesystem caching for a large number of files then
    it is recommended that you subclass ``FileBasedCache`` and override the 

>     ``_cull`` function.

Reviewer: I would say _"improve culling strategy"_ instead of _"override the ``_cull`` function"_.

Reviewer 2: What about both? Or link docs? It would be a bit sad to have every new person that gets this message spend 10-30 minutes on research.

Author: I couldn't find any docs about that - I figured out what to do by reading the code.   I can make this a bit more verbose. Would it be better if I didn't mention the _cull function?

>     Filesystem caching can become slow if you cache a large number of files. If 
>     you run into this problem then you might want to consider another caching 
>     mechanism.  
> 
>     If you do need to use filesystem caching for a large number of files then 
>     it is recommended that you subclass ``FileBasedCache`` and improve the 
>     culling strategy.

Reviewer: Remove trailing spaces
```suggestion
    Filesystem caching can become slow if you cache a large number of files. If
    you run into this problem then you might want to consider another caching
    mechanism.

    If you do need to use filesystem caching for a large number of files then
    it is recommended that you subclass ``FileBasedCache`` and improve the
    culling strategy.
```

>     Filesystem caching can become slow if you cache a large number of files. If 
>     you run into this problem then you might want to consider another caching 
>     mechanism.  
> 
>     If you do need to use filesystem caching for a large number of files then 
>     it is recommended that you subclass ``FileBasedCache`` and improve the 
>     culling strategy.

Reviewer: Maybe :thinking: :
```suggestion
    Filesystem caching may become slow when storing a large number of files. If
    you run into this problem, consider using a different caching mechanism.
    You can also subclass
    :source:`FileBasedCache <django/core/cache/backends/filebased.py>` and
    improve the culling strategy.
```

Reviewer: @sheenarbw This comment is not resolved. Can you take a look at the proposed wording? :point_up: Thanks.

Reviewer: @sheenarbw Gentle reminder :arrow_up: Thanks :+1:
